so for hangmen, we need to choose a random english word. so get the list
and I know I wanna be able to choose randomly from this list. so i need to import random.
we also wanna be able to use the words list that i just made. so we need to import it to be able to use it. so from words.py import the variable words 
so first step is the computer has to figure out a word for us to guess. now we have to select a word from it.
Notice that  some of the words have spaces and dashes in the middle of the world, which we can'r really guess in python. 
we have to keep choosing a word until we get a valid word that we can guess in hangmen. 
define a function to get a valid word and pass the words lis to it and choose one from that list.
make a while a loop that will keep iterating as long as there is a dash or space in the word.
so when it stops iterating we will get a word that does not have a space or dash in it, then return the word in upper case.

We need to keep track of which letter in the word we guessed and which letter we have correctly guessed. We also need to keep track of what is a valid letter and what is not. 
set up the variable word_letters, a variable that saves all the letters in a word as a set, to keep track of all the letters in the word that need to be guessed.
We will also have alphabet, which is will contain the predetermined list of uppercase character in the english dictionary.
We will have a another variable used_letters which will have letters that the user has already guessed. 
Now we need to get user input, all in upper case, and store it in a var user_letter. 
Now if this is a valid character in the alphabet that has not been used yet {if user_letter is alphabet-used_letters}. then we will add this to my used_letters set. if the user user_letter is in the word_letters, we will remove it from word_letters, so every-time i guess correctly, it will decrease in size.
if the user letter is in used letter, that means that they have already used it and it is an invalid guess. Otherwise, they have typed it a invalid character. 

We also want the user to keep guessing until they get the entire word, so we will use a while loop. 
here we will use a while loop to keep iterating throught the code, until the user guesses the word. 
Since everytime we are removing a letter from the word_letters, so it will keep decreasing is size as the user keep guessing right, so the condition, for the while loop would be while the len(word_letters)>0.
We also need to tell the user what letters that have already used before. 
Using the " ",join(used_letters), this will  turn the list into a string seperated by the string before the .join()
we also need to tell the user what the current word is with dashes for the charachter they have not guessed yet. so we will create a list for where every letter that they have guessed in shown. 
We will also take the list and joint it with space. 